saints row the third we are working on
the vehicle thefts and take a look at
the map this one's a little bit of ways
but we're gonna take a jet over there so
it shouldn't take us too long I'm going
to go ahead and activate it
go ahead and get arrived
okay this little baby is from the DLC
and it's a neat little rig for sure
okay that's the marker where they tell
you to go but I know where the vehicle
is I really don't understand how that
works but I know for a fact that it's
back here
and I punch it gangbangers be tripping
and seeing this thing come up huh
when this puppy
huh
Arabi
said I am on the lower deck let's see
just keep huffing it I just wasn't far
enough around was i okay nevertheless
Japanese be dumb and we're gonna take
care of it
- easy
nope wrong stuff
okay so we got triples here all right
and again it cost me money for these and
I'm gonna use them just like on everyone
okay not that the gang would really be
an issue but just to make sure we have a
nice Pleasant ride back and like I've
mentioned in some previous videos that
if you used your any of your forgiveness
and they're not available just save and
reload the game and then they will be
there to use again that's a nice little
trick it's a trick but anytime we were
doing these and we had to do
back-to-back police forgiveness we would
just save and reload and it would be
there to use again
and again with all the vehicle thefts if
you feel like you need the action then
do it with the one above alone you know
where it is so you know where to go back
and get it if it gets blown up but for
these videos it's just about finding the
vehicles and then getting them back to
the destination
nice leisurely helicopter ride all I
need is brucey up in here
barking alpha male orders alpha male
baby
come on all right two more to go
and that'd be debt we'll see you on the
next vehicle theft